Add paths filter doc (#13435)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/enterprise/replication.mdx

of relationships are either **disaster recovery** or **performance**
relationships.

![](/img/replication-overview.png)

> The following table shows a capability comparison of disaster recovery and performance replications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows a capability comparison between disaster recovery and performance replications. 
```

| Capability                                                                                                           | Disaster Recovery | Performance                                                                                                                                                                        |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Mirrors the configuration of a primary cluster                                                                       | Yes               | Yes                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | Mirrors the configuration of a primary cluster’s backends (i.e.: auth methods, secrets engines, audit devices, etc.) | Yes               | Yes                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mirrors the configuration of a primary cluster’s backends (i.e., auth methods, secrets engines, audit devices, etc.) | Yes               | Yes                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

relatively horizontally with the number of secondaries rather than vertically as
in the past.

### Paths Filter 

> When you enable performance replication, the primary cluster's mount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary cluster's mount configuration gets replicated across its secondary clusters when you enable performance replication.
```

> configuration get replicate across its secondary clusters. In some cases, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration gets replicated across its secondary clusters. In some cases, you
```

> configuration get replicate across its secondary clusters. In some cases, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you
```

may not want all data to be replicated. For example, your primary cluster is in

> the EU region and you have a secondary cluster outside of the EU region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the EU region, and you have a secondary cluster outside of the EU region.
```

[General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)](https://www.eugdpr.org/) requires

> that personally identifiable data not be physically transferred to locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that personally identifiable data is not to be physically transferred to locations
```

outside the European Union unless the region or country has an equal rigor of
data protection regulation as the EU.

To comply with GDPR, leverage Vault's **paths filter**  feature to abide by
data movements and sovereignty regulations while ensuring performance access
across geographically distributed regions. 

> You can set filters based on the mount path of the secrets engines as well as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set filters based on the mount path of the secrets engines and
```

namespaces.

![Performance Replication - primary](/img/vault-mount-filter-7.png)

In the above example, the `EU_GDPR_data/` path and `office_FR` namespace will

> not be replicated and stay only on the primary cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not be replicated and remain only on the primary cluster.
```

> On the similar note, if you want to avoid secondary cluster's data to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a similar note, if you want to avoid secondary cluster's data to be
```

replicated, you can mark those secrets engine and/or auth methods **local**.
Local secrets engines and auth methods are not replicated or removed by
replication.

> **Example:** When you ebable a secrets engine on a secondary cluster, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example:** When you enable a secrets engine on a secondary cluster, use the
```

`-local` flag.  

```shell-session 
$ vault secrets enable -local -path=us_west_data kv-v2
```

-> **Learn:** Refer to the [Performance Replication with Paths

> Filter](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/paths-filter) tutorial for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/paths-filter) tutorial for 
```

> step-by-step instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step-by-step instructions.
```
